[FX-5523] Migrate Calendar to Tailwind (#4431)
toptal/picasso: .changeset/sharp-clouds-thank.md

> ---
> '@toptal/picasso-calendar': major
> ---
> 
> - migrate component to TailwindCSS
> - update peer dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@toptal/picasso-calendar': major
'@toptal/picasso': patch
---

### Calendar

- migrate component to TailwindCSS
- remove peer dependency on `@material-ui/core`
- add peer dependency on `@toptal/picasso-tailwind-merge`
```

This way it will also appear on release notes for the whole Picasso package and users will not have to go into the PR to understand what peer dependencies were actually updated. WDYT?

Author: @TomasSlama Agree, addressed, thank you!
